Next time you're out
on foot, remember,
the man behind the wheel does
not expect the unexpected.
A surprise like this
could be fatal.
All right, then.
Now...
Driving partners.
Andy Pace will drive
with Martha Pierce.
Michael Rawson drives
with Ruthie Rice.
Julia Salinger drives
with Justin Thompson.
Uh, excuse me.
Can we, uh, switch partners?
Why? So you could drive
with one of your friends?
Uh, yeah.
Young man, an automobile is
two tons of lethal power.
If you think driving time can double
as social hour with your buddies,
then you can just walk on
out of here right now.
Just walk on out.
All right.
We'll be meeting in the parking
lot, next class, folks.
So, I guess we're stuck
with each other, huh?
Come on, Justin. I
made a mistake.
A big mistake, but,
I said I was sorry.
You're not really gonna spend
the rest of high school
punishing me for that, are you?
Well, Julia, I just might.
Okay, so, Chapter 11, boom,
out of the way. Moving on.
Here's the Chapter
12 sample test.
You give me Chapter 13.
Yeah, uh, you know what, Will?
Oh, man, don't say it.
No, I have a reason.
Yeah. Well, let me guess. Five-six,
blond, answers to the name of Jill?
We just... We kind of got busy.
Let me explain this
study-partner thing to you,
because you seem a little
unclear, all right?
A study partner is someone
who doesI half the work
and then shares his acquired
knowledge with you.
I'll do it tomorrow.
When? We're going to the Fillmore
tomorrow night, remember?
I have study hall.
Is Jill in the study hall?
What are you, my mother?
I'll get to it.
Well, you better, because the
test is Thursday, you know?
I know.
I'll do it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Can you believe that?
I know, I know. It's one step away
from the Spanish Inquisition.
Oh, no.
But, you absolutely
sailed through today.
I mean, seriously. The way
you stared down Demott
when he asked you about
publication possibilities?
I wasn't staring him down.
I was panicking.
I don't know the first thing about
publication for this thing.
Charlie. Hi!
Hey.
Charlie, this is Ben Atkins, my
advisor for my dissertation.
The topic of which was just
formally approved this afternoon
by the U.C. Psych Department.
Really? Kirsten, that's great.
- Yeah.
- They all loved her.
- Right. Except Demott.
- Well...
Demott? He's the one you told
me about who thought your work
should be more
scientific and less...
Anecdotal? No, that's Upton.
Yeah, Upton loved the
proposal, didn't he?
- Mmm-hmm.
- That's weird.
Yeah, he's usually so, um...
So what?
- Exactly!
- You know...
Anyway, we thought we'd
celebrate the good news
before I hit the ground
running tomorrow.
Which you will be, I might add.
The benefit of
being her advisor.
I can say things like that.
Oh, yeah? You gonna
push me around?
I'm gonna be cracking
that whip night and day.
You are mine now.
I own you, baby.
Champagne?
Yes.
♪ Everybody wants to live ♪
♪ Like they wanna live ♪
♪ And everybody wants to love ♪
♪ Like they wanna love ♪
♪ Everybody wants to be ♪
♪ Closer to free ♪
Claudia,
I hate being late for lunch.
All the crusty top on
the mac and cheese
is gonna be gone
when we get there.
Relax.
This will take five minutes.
Okay, kids. This whole
thing is my fault.
In the future, I'll be
sure to cast understudies
for all the major parts
in these productions,
but I learned my lesson
the hard way this time.
So today I'm looking for someone who
can jump right into the role of Oliver
and be prepared to
perform it this weekend.
Let's start by warming
up our voices.
So, uh, what happened
to the guy they picked
to play Oliver in
the first place?
Bennie Craven. He got
sick or something.
I don't know.
All I know is he's
out, and I'm in.
What makes you so sure
you're gonna get it?
Okay, one, I'm the best singer.
I always do the
solos at Christmas.
Two, I already know the part
because Mom had the video on tape,
and we used to watch
it all the time.
Three, Mrs. Cooper-Stabler
told me herself.
It was time for me to get out of the
orchestra pit and start performing.
You'd rather be in the cast
than play in the orchestra?
How come?
Because musicians, they
grow up to be band geeks,
and actors grow up to be stars.
You heading out already?
Yeah. I've gotta go to all
these daycare centers.
I need an ethnically diverse
group by next month,
so we've got to visit
these places ASAP.
We?
Ben and me.
He's around for this stuff too?
Yeah. He said he wanted to be.
Awful hands-on, isn't he?
It seemed a little funny about the
champagne, all that stuff about owning you.
You're cute.
Have a good day.
He called you "baby."
Up on the clutch, down on
the gas simultaneously.
Simul... Simul... Dammit, girl.
Don't you know the
meaning of the word?
Clutch in. In. In. In!
Listen, girlie...
Please don't call me "girlie," sir.
It's sexist.
She's right. "Girlie" implies
there's something gender-specific
about her terrible driving.
Right, and we all know there are just
as many bad male drivers on the road
as there are bad female drivers.
Well, no offense, sweetheart,
but in my experience,
the gentler sex just doesn't have
what it takes to control a car.
You took that Civics
class, Justin.
Just out of curiosity, what Mr.
Parker just said, is that actionable?
What do you mean, "actionable?"
I mean, I'd have to check my notes, but
it sounds pretty discriminatory to me.
Hey, hey, no one's
discriminating anyone here.
I'm just trying to teach
the little lady to drive.
"Little lady"? I mean,
that's totally out of line.
Wait, wait. Whoa. What are
you writing down there?
You know what would be fun?
Just as an experiment,
we could file a formal complaint,
you know, maybe for extra credit.
Yeah. Yeah.
Hey. No one's filing
anything here.
I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm just... We're...
We're try... Uh... I...
All right.
I apologize for anything I
said that may have offended.
Why don't we just
put it behind us
and get back to the
matter at hand.
Whenever you're ready.
It'd probably be
good to practice.
It'll keep my mind off Oliver. Mrs.
Cooper-Stabler still hasn't called.
How about the Bach?
Yeah, but, uh, before that...
- What?
- Well,
remember today at the tryouts
when I left to go to the, uh...
Bathroom. Yeah.
Well, I went back in, and the
lady, the one at the piano.
Mrs. Cooper-Stabler?
She's a director.
Pfft. "Lady."
Well, she thought I
was there to try out,
and I made a big deal of saying how
I was just looking for you, but...
She kind of wouldn't
take no for an answer.
And?
And I kind of sang, and she kind
of thought I wasn't too bad,
and she kind of asked me
if I wouldn't mind...
Being Oliver.
You?
But what about me?
Well... You get to
be my understudy.
Hey, Justin.
Back there you helped me out,
and I just thought maybe you
weren't mad at me anymore.
I mean, you're not, right?
You girls, man. Why do you always
have to talk about everything?
No, I'm just... I'm just
glad we're in the same car.
See? There you go again.
Yap, yap, yap, yap, yap.
Give me the key back.
No. I'm keeping it.
It's mine now.
- Hey, Will.
- Oh, hey.
Bailey just let me drive his Jeep down
the crookedest street in the world.
Hey, man, it's like 8:30.
We said 8:00.
We almost tipped. I swear.
I was in complete control.
You were not in
complete control.
- Excuse me.
- We'd better split.
We're gonna be late.
Oh, um, listen, man,
Jill saw these guys last
time they were in town and...
Ugh. One of the few bands
who's actually worse live.
So, what, you don't want to go?
Well, not if it's gonna be bad.
Well, you don't
know that for sure.
Besides, it's not like we
have anything else to do.
- Uh, actually...
- There's this party.
Wait a minute, wait a
minute, wait a minute.
We said we were
going to do this.
I know. I know, but, listen...
Okay, listen, it's at
this psychic's house,
all right, and there's gonna be all these tea
leaf readers, and, like, tarot card people.
They all tell your future.
So you're flaking out. Is
that what you're saying?
No, I just think we'd all
have a better time...
It's gonna be great. Trust me.
Well, you want to tell me what I'm
supposed to do with these tickets?
Because they weren't cheap.
Hey.
Want to buy two tickets to the Random
Notes at the Fillmore tonight?
Joe will let us use his
new cabin for free.
It'll be great.
It has its own steam
bath for after skiing.
I don't know how to ski.
You don't have to know how
to ski to use a steam bath.
You just have to know
how to get naked.
What's that?
Just some stuff I
have to tell Ben.
Can't it wait till...?
Let me finish this thought.
- Charlie...
- What?
Let me concentrate.
Fine.
Look, Charlie, we don't have to
have sex every night, you know.
God forbid.
I just have some other
things on my mind right now.
Yeah. So I see.
Keys, keys, keys.
Yeah, I'm making pancakes.
Not for me. I'm late.
Hey, make sure you're
home by 8 tonight.
I told Mark and Em we'd
meet them at the Firehouse.
Charlie, you know I'm busy.
Thurber, down.
Yeah, but not all night.
Don't nursery schools
close by 6:00?
Yeah, but then Ben and I have
to talk about what we've seen,
which kids will work, all that.
Thurber!
Got pancakes here, Julia.
No, thanks. Dieting.
That's Ben. I've got to go.
Thurber, no.
I hate when people honk.
How much can it take to get out
of your car and ring the bell?
So you ready for
pancakes, Charlie?
I don't eat breakfast.
What does Artie know
about being an orphan?
Nothing.
He's never been one,
even for a little while.
I've been one for
almost a year now.
I mean, it's not like there're
that many upsides to orphanhood.
At least you figure getting the
part of Oliver would be one.
Have a pancake, Claudia.
It'll make you feel better.
I'm not hungry.
Thurber!
We didn't mean to leave the party
without you. We couldn't find you.
I was right there, with
that lady in the turban.
She was yelling at me
about my blocked chakra.
Look, I'm really sorry. We
thought we looked everywhere.
Here, look, let me
pay you for the cab.
Forget it, all right? Just
give me that practice test.
That is, if Party Girl will
actually let you study.
Look, she thought
you'd have fun.
Someone told her there'd
be some cool girls there.
I wasn't aware that I'd signed
up for Jill's dating service.
Give her a break. She likes you.
She was trying to be nice.
Well, give her a tip, all right?
Changing my plans and scalping my
tickets is the wrong approach.
Did I say I was sorry? Because
I thought I said I was sorry.
All right. All right.
Just don't do it again.
Julia, Claudia, we're leaving.
Hey, guys, I made pancakes.
We're late. Thanks, anyway.
Libby?
The handle broke on me.
You are completely unsafe
around anything mechanical.
I am not.
Come on. What about the helium
machine at my 10th birthday party?
Or your dad's telescope?
Okay, so I have a little
trouble with moving parts.
Well, it's nice to know
some things never change.
So how you been?
We never seem to...
Talk any more.
Yeah.
Well, I guess that's
what happens, you know.
I mean, you make new friends.
Right.
I've been hanging out with these
guys from the Film Society a lot.
Oh, yeah. Cool.
I've even kind of started
going out with one of them.
Libby, that's great. Who is it?
Well, I don't want to say
'cause if it doesn't work out,
I'll feel stupid for
blabbing about him.
Okay.
So how about you?
Do you have a boyfriend?
No. I mean, there's someone,
but it's not like that.
We used to be friends and I
kind of blew it, so now...
So now he's probably
madly in love with you
and waiting for you
to make a move.
I seriously doubt it.
You should do what I did.
I thought this guy maybe liked me, so I
arranged it so that I was around him a lot,
and the next thing I knew...
Really?
Please, sir, can I
have a second helping?
You're kidding, right?
What? Is that not the line?
No, it's not the line.
So tell me what it is.
"More."
"Please, sir, I want some more."
It's only the most
famous line in the play.
You know, you don't have to be all snotty
just because I got the part you wanted.
Oh, please.
We all know why you got
Oliver instead of me.
What's that supposed to mean?
I think we both know
that if I was a boy,
I'd be Oliver and you'd
be the understudy.
- What?
- I'm the victim of sexuality!
Or... No, no. No, no.
That's something else.
I'm a victim... Of something.
Yeah, your own swelled head.
Face it. If girls were treated
the same way as boys,
I'd be the star of the show,
and you'd better believe
I wouldn't mess up the
most famous line too.
Hey, I know the line, okay?
Okay, then. Fine.
Guess you don't need
my help anymore.
Okay. What is a catalyst?
Uh, catalyst. Wait a second.
I know this one.
A catalyst is...
Uh, I give up.
Hey!
A catalyst is a substance that initiates
the chemical reaction and allows it
to proceed under different
conditions than otherwise possible.
Right.
The Blue Angels are flying
formation over the Presidio.
We can go to the roof of our house,
and they'd fly right over our heads.
We have to study.
Mmm, I'm not so sure about that.
What's that?
"Mr. Gordon. 11th grade chemistry.
Thursday, January 12th.
Not for distribution."
Wait a second.
Is that a copy of our test?
Where did you...?
Just happened to be passing by Gordon's
office when he went to take a whiz.
Couldn't help noticing
the Xerox in the trash.
You stole the test?
No one saw.
Well, you're all worried about
doing well on it, and now you can.
And have fun this afternoon.
What? Something wrong?
Hey, news flash, Jill. They kick
you out for stuff like that.
Well, not if you
don't get caught.
God, that is so not the point.
Well, what is your point?
What is his point?
His point is... That you just... You
really didn't need to do this, Jill.
Fine.
Forget it.
You both can fail together, and
I'll watch the Blue Angels alone.
Come on, Jill...
Nice girl.
Looks like rain, huh?
How was the Firehouse?
I didn't go.
How come?
Not in the mood.
What is that?
I found it in your pocket.
You're going through my pockets?
I was doing the laundry, okay?
You said you spent the
entire day working with Ben,
and then I find out that you actually
went to the movies with him.
We had a three-hour break
between appointments.
We were fried. We
went to a movie.
Did he pay?
What?
What is the big deal here?
You don't go to movies with people you
have a professional relationship with,
so, what is he to you?
A friend? A professor? What?
Because I have a right to know.
Because when we're in bed,
and I'm thinking about you...
Wait.
Is all this because we
didn't have sex last night?
It's because you lied to me.
You know what, Charlie?
You have no right to suspect me.
I didn't do anything wrong.
And coming from someone with your
track record, this is almost funny.
Mint tea, please.
To go, please.
You got it.
Claudia. Claudia!
What do you want?
You won't come to the phone.
Look, Claudia, listen...
I don't think we should fight
about this stupid play.
Stupid play? No wonder you
can't remember the lines.
- You have no respect for it.
- Yeah, I do,
but this drama stuff's
just supposed to be fun.
So I got the lead this time.
So what?
Next time you will.
I don't want it next time.
Oliver was my part. I deserved
it, and you took it from me.
I didn't mean to.
Look, it's really wet out here.
Yeah, because it's raining.
Can't I come inside? I'm cold.
Oh, yeah? Well, so was Oliver.
Maybe you can use that in your performance.
I'm going to bed.
Hi.
Where's Mr. Eagle Scout?
Look, Will is a good guy.
He is. He's...
He's just not into
breaking the rules, so...
Yeah, right.
That's why he steals
desserts from the cafeteria
and he was perfectly happy to take twice the
face value off those tickets last night.
I'm not saying he's a saint, but
those things, those are little.
This test thing, Jill...
So, what? Breaking the
little rules is cool,
but when you get to
the mid-size rules,
suddenly it's not okay anymore?
Well...
So where is that line, huh?
Tell me, what is the
worst thing you could do
and still look at me and say,
"At least I'm not that bad?"
That's not what I'm saying.
It's what you meant.
The way you looked at me
in the library was like...
I embarrassed you or something.
No, that's not...
You don't embarrass me.
Save it, okay?
Just don't act like you
don't bend the rules,
because you do it all the
time, and so does Will.
You're both real jerks to act
like you're better than me
just because I
tried to help you.
Well, look on the bright side.
At least San Francisco has a good
public transportation system.
It's G.I. Joe over there. He makes
me so nervous, yelling like that.
I just fritz out when people yell at me.
I always have.
I know. My mom still talks
about chewing you out
for spilling that
snow-cone on my rug.
"The tears!"
I know, I know. I'm
too sensitive.
I should stop being
so sensitive.
No, no, no. Not at all.
So, um, what would you say
if I asked you a favor?
Depends on what the favor is.
Um, private driving lessons.
No yelling.
Yeah. I guess I could do that.
Really?
Yeah. Why not?
We can use my mom's car. She's cool
as long as we stay on the block.
Um... This afternoon, maybe,
unless you're busy.
No. I'm, uh... I'm not
doing anything, really.
And you won't yell?
No. I'm a very calm person.
I know. I like that about you.
I'm sorry about last night.
You were wrong.
I know. I know.
It's just this new
arrangement thing.
I mean...
Here we are, living together,
and what does that mean?
I guess I'm just a little
confused about that.
Well, what do we need to do?
Should I tell you my
schedule every day?
No.
I just...
I'd rather not find out after the fact that
you did something social with this guy.
It was spur of the moment.
So tell me when you come home.
Say, "Guess what? We went to see a movie.
It was great. You'd like it.
I'll see it with you
again, if you want."
It was terrible. You'd hate it.
But I'll see it again with
you if you want me to.
Hey, guys.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Oh, Kirsten, Ben Atkins called.
Said dinner tonight was
dressy, so get prettied up.
Those were his words, not mine.
You're going out to
dinner with him?
It's just a faculty dinner.
You know what, Owen, how'd you like
to do this in the living room?
So why didn't he
invite the both of us?
I mean, we are a couple.
It's not a couple thing.
It's work.
But you'll be there with this Ben
guy, so you two will be a couple.
It's completely innocent.
A guy asks you out to a dinner
party, it's not innocent.
- I don't want you to go.
- I'm sorry.
When exactly did it become your right
to say what I could and couldn't do?
We're living together. I'm allowed
to say you can't date other guys.
It's not a date.
Look, Ben wants to
take me to a dinner
where I can build relationships
with the people that are going to
be deciding my academic future.
It's a very generous gesture.
No, it's not.
Look, I know guys. I am one.
We're not generous when it
comes to women like you.
It's so obvious what he's doing.
Hanging around you, trying
to get to know you,
waiting for an opening.
It's textbook.
It's exactly what I'd be
doing in his situation.
Oh, for God's sake, Charlie.
Oh.
Leave in the middle of a fight.
Great.
Look, I'm going to this dinner,
and if you have a
problem with it,
then it's exactly
that, your problem.
Top of the morning, sir.
Claudia,
how confident do you
feel about this part?
Excuse me. I have one line.
I think I can handle it.
Honey, I'm talking about
the role of Oliver.
Why?
We're going to need you up on
stage when we open tomorrow.
Wait a minute. What
happened to Artie?
His mom said he was sick.
With what?
Well, I'm not sure, but
evidently, he's lost his voice.
Oh, my gosh.
I told him to take
care of himself.
Ease in. Take your
foot off the clutch.
Take your foot off the clutch.
Okay, you're in first. Good.
I'm in second.
- Are you in second?
- I am driving in second.
You've got to stay on
this side of the street.
Be careful! Stop! Stop!
Damn. I messed up the steering.
No, no, no, no. It's all right.
It's all right.
You have to learn one
thing at a time.
That was... That was good.
You sure?
Yeah. Absolutely.
It wasn't too fast. It wasn't too slow.
It was, uh...
Very controlled, sort of.
You didn't kill me. I'm
very proud of you.
Sometimes I can
be pretty stupid.
What do you mean?
Well, I was just thinking.
Were you...
Were you always this great?
Don't.
Don't what?
Oh, you know.
You know exactly
what you're doing.
What am I doing?
So what, now that I have a girlfriend, all
of the sudden you're interested in me?
No. I just... I thought
about it before I knew.
Oh, yeah? Well, you had your chance,
you know, and you blew it big time.
- Okay.
- I mean,
After what you did to me...
Justin, I know, okay? God!
I just thought...
Well, it's not like I had
to force you into this car.
I mean, you knew
what I was asking.
What? You asked me
for driving lessons.
You didn't ask me
out or anything.
Oh, like you didn't know?
I didn't.
Right.
All right, well, I am going out
with Libby right now, okay?
So if these lessons
aren't really lessons...
- They're lessons.
- Oh, okay.
Well, let's just forget
them all the same.
No brothers.
Hmm?
To teach me how to
tie these things.
Could you?
Uh, sure.
I'm Eliza.
Charlie.
- Your first night?
- Yep.
Of waitressing at all.
I never thought I'd resort to
pushing slop for a living.
I mean...
I'm sorry.
No sweat.
This isn't exactly the fulfillment
of a lifelong dream for me either.
No, I do that all the time.
I always offend people I
really want to impress.
You haven't offended me.
The night's young.
At least it is for me.
I'm here till closing.
- Yeah?
- Mmm-hmm.
Me too.
A workday that ends at midnight, and
then I get to take the bus home.
You didn't drive?
No. Actually, I hoofed it.
Well, I've got a truck here. I
mean, if you need a lift home...
Yeah. Sure. I could use a lift.
- Great.
You forgot this.
Thanks.
So how do you think you did?
Okay.
Not as well as you though, huh?
You were done before I even
got to the multiple choice.
You used that test, didn't you?
No.
Maybe for a couple of questions.
God.
What are you thinking?
What, like you've never
bent the rules, Will?
You've stolen food
from the cafeteria.
What? What does that have
to do with anything?
You're the one going nuts over some
girl just because she puts out.
- Don't put it on me.
- Totally out of line.
Fine. Fine. Maybe a
bad choice of words.
It's not the words that
I object to, okay?
I really don't care what
you think of her, but...
- That's lucky, because I have nothing good
to say about her. -You don't even know her!
The more you hang out with her,
the more you get to be like her.
You're just jealous because I
have someone and you don't.
Oh, look, someone like
that I don't need.
Who the hell do you
think you are, Will?
You have no right to talk
about her like that.
So Jill isn't like most girls.
So what?
At least she's interesting.
She's fun.
Not like Isabelle. She
was a total bitch,
but did I go around trashing her?
No.
Because you and I are friends, Will,
and that is not what friends do.
Isabelle wasn't a juvenile
delinquent, okay?
Hey, watch it.
I can't believe you can't see
this girl for what she is.
She's not "interesting," okay?
She is a disaster
waiting to happen.
Go to hell.
You look great. Then
again, when do you not?
Okay, here's the plan.
When you get bored, do
one of these, okay?
That'll be our "let's get the
hell out of here" signal.
I'm not gonna get bored.
I'm looking forward to this.
Really.
Trust me. I've been to a
dozen of these things.
Fifteen minutes in, you'll be
fiddling with your ears like crazy.
We'll cut out. We'll
do something else.
What do you mean?
You like jazz?
I know this great jazz
place in North Beach.
Ben, I live with someone.
You know that. You met him.
I live with him
because I love him.
It's... It's this
one right here.
See? I told you it was
a crummy building.
It's not crummy. All it needs
is a little love and care.
Well, don't we all?
It's much nicer inside.
Do you want to see?
Unless there's someone
waiting at home for you.
I called the restaurant.
I had something to
talk to you about.
Uh-huh.
They said you left
with a waitress.
Yeah, I did.
You want to tell me why?
She needed a lift home.
Who better, huh?
What are you doing, Charlie?
Are you punishing me?
I wanted to, yeah.
I got her all the way home, and...
I came this close.
You know, it would've
been so easy.
Just switch on
over to autopilot.
I really wanted to
get you off my mind,
because I'm clearly
not on yours.
- Charlie...
- But I couldn't, okay?
I didn't.
I didn't do anything.
- Charlie...
- Could we just... Not?
- Claudia!
- What are you doing?
Nothing. Just leave me alone.
Claud, get inside here, now.
What's she doing? Honey,
you'll catch pneumonia.
That's perfect.
No, don't make me
go back inside.
Please, please, please, please,
please, please, please, please.
Let me stay out here
the rest of the night.
Claudia, calmly for a sec,
tell us what's wrong.
I did a really bad thing.
I made Artie sick, and now he
can't do the part of Oliver.
I stole it from him. It
didn't belong to me,
so I need to suffer for it.
Like the Bible says,
an eye for an eye.
Claud, you're being ridiculous.
That's easy for you to say. I mean, you've
never been consumed by jealousy before.
I don't deserve to perform. I
deserve to get pneumonia and die.
Come on. Out of the bucket.
It's terrible, Charlie.
It takes hold of your heart, and it turns
you into someone you don't even recognize,
someone mean and
cold and selfish.
Envy's a sin and I'm a sinner!
Oh, be back in one sec.
- Julia!
- Hi.
So now you know... about Justin.
Yeah, Lib. That's great. You guys...
You seem really great together.
I know.
Want to know what he
calls me sometimes?
"Ybbil."
It's Libby, but backwards.
Oh. That's cute.
Hey, we should all do something.
Me, Justin, and
you and that guy?
Oh. No.
That guy... That, um...
That's not gonna happen.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
Oh. Well, who needs him, right?
You could still hang out
with me and Justin.
I don't know. I don't think...
In fact, why don't you come with
us to Film Society tonight?
I don't know.
Oh, come on. It'll be fun.
You know what, Lib? You and
Justin should go alone.
I mean, three really is a crowd.
Hey.
Good news.
Wow, an A.
Congratulations.
All thanks to you.
Yeah, well...
How did Will do?
Uh, I don't know.
We're not really...
You were in a fight?
Something like that.
Because of me, right?
So I... I chased off
your best friend.
Hey, who needs him?
Yeah.
You got me.
I'll be your best friend.
- Right.
- Yeah.
We can trade baseball cards.
Go to 'Niner games.
We could look at
girlie magazines.
You won't even miss him.
Right.
I don't know what his problem is.
I mean, he doesn't even know you.
Come on. Let's get out of here.
Okay. Just a sec.
Okay.
Break a leg.
Oh, Artie, what did I do to you?
You left me out in the
cold and rain, remember?
I'm not gonna do it, Artie.
I can't go on. I don't
deserve to be Oliver.
No, you don't.
I'm such a bad person.
Yeah, well,
I'm not so perfect
either, you know.
I kind of lied to you.
At the tryouts,
Mrs. Cooper-Stabler
didn't really beg.
What?
Well, you just looked so
cool up there, singing,
and I guess I got jealous too.
So you stole my part. Big whoop.
I almost killed you.
Aw, lighten up, already.
It's just a virus.
It's the same thing the other Oliver
had, and he's almost all better.
Does that mean he'll be able to
do next weekend's performances?
He might.
But what if I'm better?
What if I just do such a great
job, that they can't even...?
Claudia!
- Oh, hi.
- Hi.
- The sample tests are...
- Oh, yeah.
How does it look?
Oh, the test is easy.
It's the driving part.
Oh.
I think you'll do fine.
Yeah, well, if I do, I've
got you to thank for it.
It was no problem.
Yeah, well, you
didn't need to do it.
I know.
I should probably go.
Justin, wait. Um, I just wanted to tell
you that I'm really happy for you.
Libby and you. I mean, I'm really
glad that you found each other,
and that you found out that you
really, uh... That you really...
Like each other.
Oh, God.
I gotta go.
Hi.
You got a couple calls.
Did I?
Your mom,
and Jerry Katz.
Kass. My new advisor.
The evening last night, Ben
did want it to be a date.
As soon as I realized what he was
thinking, I made him take me home.
So I thought you should know.
Know what?
That you put me through all this for
nothing? That I was right all along?
You may have been
right about him,
but you were wrong about me, and
I'm the one you have to trust.
Look, we finally have
something really good here
and we have to figure out
a way to hang on to it.
This isn't the last time that
a guy's gonna be interested,
and you can't go driving waitresses
home every time this happens.
You've got to find
a way to trust me.
♪ Where is love? ♪
♪ Does it fall From skies above? ♪
♪ Is it underneath
The willow tree ♪
♪ That I've been dreaming of? ♪
♪ Where is she ♪
♪ Who I close my eyes to see? ♪
♪ Will I ever know
The sweet hello ♪
♪ That's meant for only me? ♪
♪ Who can say Where
she may hide? ♪
♪ Must I travel far and wide? ♪
♪ Till I am beside
The someone who ♪
♪ I can mean something to ♪
♪ Where ♪
♪ Where is love? ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org